Readme.md, before:

# ChatGPT

Send the selected text to [ChatGPT](https://openai.com/blog/chatgpt) for misused grammar checking.

### Configuration

#### API Key

An API key of OpenAI account is required to use this extension. To get an API Key:

1. Sign up for an OpenAI account here: <https://platform.openai.com/>
2. Generate an API key here: <https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys>
3. Copy and paste the API Key (it starts with `sk-`) into the _API Key_ field in
   the extension's settings.

## About

This is an extension for [PopClip](https://pilotmoon.com/popclip/).

### Author

Hiraku

### Acknowledgements

Original Extention:

- [ChatGPT by pilotmoon](https://github.com/pilotmoon/PopClip-Extensions/tree/master/source/ChatGPT.popclipext)

Icons:

- "Spell Check" by [SVG Repo](https://www.svgrepo.com/).

### Requirements

Requires PopClip 2022.12 and an OpenAI Platform account.

### Links

- [GitHub Source](https://github.com/hirakujira/ChatGPT-Grammar-Check-PopClip-Extension)

## Changelog

### 2023-03-03.1

- Better support for other languages.

### 2023-03-03

- Initial release.

Commit message:

docs: update readme for API endpoint and model name config
Signed-off-by: hydai <z54981220@gmail.com>

Readme.md, after:

# ChatGPT

Send the selected text to [ChatGPT](https://openai.com/blog/chatgpt) or OpenAI Compatible Endpoint for misused grammar checking.

### Configuration

#### API Key

An API key of OpenAI account is required to use this extension. To get an API Key:

1. Sign up for an OpenAI account here: <https://platform.openai.com/>
2. Generate an API key here: <https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys>
3. Copy and paste the API Key (it starts with `sk-`) into the _API Key_ field in
   the extension's settings.

#### API Endpoint

The default endpoint is `https://api.openai.com/v1`, feel free to change it into any endpoint which is compatible with OpenAI API.

#### Model Name

The default model is `gpt-4o-mini`, feel free to change it into any model you like.

## About

This is an extension for [PopClip](https://pilotmoon.com/popclip/).

### Author

Hiraku

### Acknowledgements

Original Extention:

- [ChatGPT by pilotmoon](https://github.com/pilotmoon/PopClip-Extensions/tree/master/source/ChatGPT.popclipext)

Icons:

- "Spell Check" by [SVG Repo](https://www.svgrepo.com/).

### Requirements

Requires PopClip 2022.12 and an OpenAI Platform account.

### Links

- [GitHub Source](https://github.com/hirakujira/ChatGPT-Grammar-Check-PopClip-Extension)

## Changelog

### 2023-03-03.1

- Better support for other languages.

### 2023-03-03

- Initial release.
